README.md, before:

# KFIR
Repository of the [Knowledge Flows in Interdisciplinary Research](http://www.networkinstitute.org/academy-assistants/academy-projects-17/#) project of VU Network Institute.

Is also the main repository for the packages 'triplicator' and 'preprocessor'. For descriptions of these individual modules, please see their directory. 
 
## Functionality 
![](KFIR_system_minimal.png)
## Requirements:
- Pyhon 3.x
- pybtex
- sparqlwrapper

## Quickstart
Convert .bib to .ttl:

    my_bibtex_file = Bibtex_File('demo.bib')
    my_bibtex_file.convert_to_ttl(desired_version_suffix='v0.1', 
                                  desired_source_bibliography_name='my-bib',
                                  output_directory='output')

Retrieve articles by DOIs from Open Citations:

    doi_list = ['10.1163/187607508X384689', '10.1017/S0954579416000572']
    oc_query = Open_Citations_Query()
    oc_query.retrieve_articles_by_dois(doi_list, show_progress_bar=True)
    oc_query.write_results_to_csv('retrieved_articles.csv')


See the ***examples*** directory for more examples

## Legal
Although short samples may be provided, bibliographic databases from VU and UvA are not included in this directory due to copyright reasons related to their respective owners. Data gathered from OpenCitations, however, are made fully available.

Commit message:

Readme updated with a reference to docstrings

README.md, after:

# KFIR
Repository of the [Knowledge Flows in Interdisciplinary Research](http://www.networkinstitute.org/academy-assistants/academy-projects-17/#) project of VU Network Institute.

Is also the main repository for the packages 'triplicator' and 'preprocessor'. For descriptions of these individual modules, please see their directory. 
 
## Functionality 
![](KFIR_system_minimal.png)
## Requirements:
- Pyhon 3.x
- pybtex
- sparqlwrapper

## Quickstart
Convert .bib to .ttl:

    my_bibtex_file = Bibtex_File('demo.bib')
    my_bibtex_file.convert_to_ttl(desired_version_suffix='v0.1', 
                                  desired_source_bibliography_name='my-bib',
                                  output_directory='output')

Retrieve articles by DOIs from Open Citations:

    doi_list = ['10.1163/187607508X384689', '10.1017/S0954579416000572']
    oc_query = Open_Citations_Query()
    oc_query.retrieve_articles_by_dois(doi_list, show_progress_bar=True)
    oc_query.write_results_to_csv('retrieved_articles.csv')


See the ***examples*** directory for more examples.
Further documentation provided in docstrings within the code.

## Legal
Although short samples may be provided, bibliographic databases from VU and UvA are not included in this directory due to copyright reasons related to their respective owners. Data gathered from OpenCitations, however, are made fully available.
